Brother Shen, my father inherited the head of the family
I became the heir to the Yang family
You deserve it.
Brother Shen
If you hadn't collected evidence of my brother
I'm afraid it's his fault.
I'm just taking the sheep
Where? Where?
Blue Dragon Banquet tonight
Brother Shen must come
With the Jiang Family Evergreen Consortium
The financial resources of the Xingyao Consortium
With the help of the local snake of the Yang family
What does the young master mean?
Even if the Qian family wants to stop
It's too late.
Grandpa, I can do it right away.
Let's go first.
Which four or five o'clock can't end
Your body can't take it.
But after all, it is He Yu's wedding banquet to inherit the Yang family
It's not a good way to go
What's wrong? Su You is here. Let's talk about it.
If only you wanted me to last that long
Broke you
Miss Jiang, you are